fixed [Docs] Spot/interruptible docs imply retries come from the user… Closes #3956 (#5938)
flyteorg/flyte: docs/user_guide/concepts/main_concepts/tasks.rst

For more information on memoization, refer to the :std:doc:`/user_guide/development_lifecycle/caching`.

### Retries and Spot Instances

Tasks can define a retry strategy to handle different types of failures:

1. **System Retries**: Used for infrastructure-level failures outside of user control:
   - Spot instance preemptions
   - Network issues
   - Service unavailability
   - Hardware failures
   
   *Important*: When running on spot/interruptible instances, preemptions count against the system retry budget, not the user retry budget. The last retry attempt automatically runs on a non-preemptible instance to ensure task completion.

2. **User Retries**: Specified in the `@task` decorator (via `retries` parameter), used for:
   - Application-level errors
   - Invalid input handling
   - Business logic failures

```python
@task(retries=3)  # Sets user retry budget to 3
def my_task() -> None:
    ...
```

### Alternative Retry Behavior

> Starting with RFC 3902, Flyte offers a simplified retry behavior where both system and user retries count towards a single retry budget defined in the task decorator. To enable this:

Reviewer: Great catch. 
```suggestion
Starting from 1.10.0, Flyte offers a simplified retry behavior where both system and user retries count towards a single retry budget defined in the task decorator. To enable this:
```

Author: Hey I updated what you said . Please review my changes.
